so?
When's the last time you played?
Of course he did.
I'm joking, I'm joking.
I didn't say anything, I just think it's funny.
I did I did say that
Continue, continue.
hmhmm yeah
hmmhmm What'd you do in your old world?
Oh, wow Oh, I love Thailand man
i love thailand That's good. yeah
yeah i like thailand ..Can you send me a picture later?
Yeah, what else? a what?
No, I've been to Thailand. I know what Thailand looks like.
Thank you for the offer though, I appreciate it.
Okay. Okay.okay.
So, what's so fun about Minecraft?
hahah
uhhuh yeah
ohh i love survive i am not creative enough so like both
I follow tutorials.
I don't know why you laughed at that.
It's a love award, isn't it? It's like everything I say for something.
good job
bhahah
okay why not? yeah so?
Me? I actually...
I like Minecraft because it's like sort of relaxing, you know?
Don't laugh. Don't laugh.
I think it's kind of like relaxing, like, you know?
I think the music is really good.
like It's like so simple.
All of them
They also feel safe to me, not gonna lie. hahha
yeah?
I don't know the new ones. I haven't played in a while. Actually, I played like last week also.
i played for like ..Half an hour
And then I got off.
I made a new world.
um I chopped down some wood
I raided like four desert temples.
I was gonna go to a village. I saw a village and then I was like...
I'm kind of bored. So I just stopped.
so haha it was pretty fun
Thanks, it looks pretty fun.
For 30 minutes it was pretty fun.
I don't really care for Mars. I just play it.
default
default What does that mean?
I know- I know some of them by- I've never watched them.
You look like you have.
You have it?
I guess his death was really sad. I didn't watch him but like
Even just hearing about someone like that is so good. I knew you would be sad.
You seem like the type.
not just vibes uk like
You think I starve all the time?
You saw me eat pizza, like...
five minutes ago
You're what?
That's great. Yeah.
What? Minecraft, why'd you start playing?
oh wow
Wow.
hahahha No, that's pretty cool
I'm sorry I just lied. I'm sorry for lying.
you